you never have a smooth ride there's
always so much going on
but through all of the noise and all of
the nonsense you do
seem to to gravitate towards the
soulmates yes
like proper soul mates um which we see
in this next clip what a smooth
transition oh very good dooley
louie yeah i've never heard of him um
this
is the boat style oh we had some luck
with this
at this point we're screaming at the
telly get
down live there it goes
i find this difficult to watch
[Music]
there was a long strip but it was quite
a simple setup in the fact that they
built the room
on these sort of chains and they lowered
it into the water it was an amazing so
it wasn't actually rising
you're lowering the fingers oh we're
being lowered in oh fine okay
that water tank yeah
when my foot was in there i am going to
just say it actually was wedged
i couldn't get it out they had to move
the unit underneath for me to be able to
get my foot
it's got out very own jack and rose
isn't it it is
except that i'm leo and he's um
[Music]
this bit i love right she goes go you
know the kids the kids the kids
that's what you're thinking about santa
monica leave you here i love you
this boat goes down
which is pretty selfish because i got
like four kids
i really did enjoy the thrill and the
challenge of this because it was so
different you know
and there was a real point to all of
this this is about me and her coming
back together and
because we're on the verge of divorce i
took my ring off and all that big
you know sort of symbolic thing to do
but actually don't last half hour
[Music]
also you know all eyes on you 35th
anniversary you know what i mean
we really pushed it there i'm telling
you it's up there with peaky blinders i
don't care what anyone says
you